And then it must have been February or March.
The Czech government in exile came from France, established itself here.
And with the Czech army there came about 50 soldiers who were in the same position as I was,
that they had not quite finished their medical studies but had done the clinical years.
So it was arranged that they and I could finish their studies here.
So we were all put into various universities.
And then came the queer situations that what kind of degree to give us.
This degree had to be valuable also in Czechoslovakia because everybody wanted to go back
and didn't want to do any examinations again.
What happened was that Oxford University adopted the Prague University which was closed.
So I got this diploma in Oxford in a great kind of glory.
It was called MD Czechoslovakia.